Overview
Welcome to the Tcg Express Online shopping website! 
This project is an interactive web-based application designed to allow users to browse trading cards, manage their collections. 
The platform incorporates responsive UI components, dynamic back-end integration, and secure user authentication to ensure a seamless user experience.

Features
Main Page (Dropdown Menu):
A responsive main page (dropMenu.html) with dropdown navigation for easy access to:
Product Browsing
Cart Management
User Login
User Profile
Accessible and user-friendly layout.
Login Functionality:
Secure user login system integrated with a back-end database.
Includes session management and error handling for invalid credentials.
Supports account persistence.
Product Browsing Page:
Display all trading cards dynamically pulled from the database.
Includes essential details such as card name, price, image, and category.
Sorting Options:
Sort by price (low-to-high, high-to-low), name (alphabetical), or popularity.
Pagination:
Displays up to 10 products per page, with "Next" and "Previous" navigation.
Cart Interface:
Allows users to view and manage cart items.
Supports item addition, quantity updates, and removal.
Displays the total price with a "Proceed to Checkout" button.


1 Clone the Repository:
git clone https://github.com/HelloWorldF3311/webPage.git

2 Navigate to the Project Folder:
cd trading-card-game

3 Set Up the Backend:
Ensure you have Java installed.
Configure the database connection in application.properties.
Run the back-end server using:
mvn spring-boot:run
then type localhost:8080/dropMenu.html or localhost:8080/product.html

Technologies Used
Front-End:
HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Responsive design for cross-device compatibility.
Back-End:
Java Spring Boot for API development.
JPA (Jakarta Persistence API) for database interaction.
Database:
MySQL for managing product, user, and cart data.
Version Control:
Git and GitHub for collaboration and tracking.

Contributors
Haoyang Tian: Product Owner, Back-End Development
Jiahui Fu(Aaron): Scrum Master, Front-End Development

